Rethinking and restructuring the ory/examples repo (#43)
ory/examples: README.md

Passport.js) are built on open standards such as OAuth 2.0. If you do not write applications in NodeJS you will be able
to find SDKs with similar functionality in other languages.

> Please note that the code is making use of some [ES6 features](https://github.com/rse/es6-features/) including [Jade templates](oauth2.jade), such as arrow functions, as well as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the code is making use of some [ES6 features](https://github.com/rse/es6-features/) including [Jade templates](http://jade-lang.com/), such as arrow functions, as well as
```
